Are you serious?
Yeah.
Congratulations. I'm sure Mr. Vanderbilt would have been happy for you too.
Thank you.
Oh, Evelyn.
Dear, I just want to say thank you.
Everything that you've done for me.
Would you be the one to play in the wedding?
Of course.
It would be my honor.
Okay.
Well, I'm gonna go file this way.
This is my room.
Quite the actress, huh?
When did you decide to marry Daniel?
You know that at the very least,
he's got something to do with all of this.
Daniel and I were always gonna get married.
And you know that Evelyn and him, I've been going your back.
So you look like an idiot to you?
Daniel can only inherit the money if he decides to marry me.
And that man will do anything to make sure that happens,
which will certainly drive Evelyn crazy.
Trust me, a woman's jealousy can be a total game changer.
So what?
You're just gonna roll the dice on your marriage.
Do you think that he and Evelyn had something to do with my father's stuff?
Regardless of that, you should roll the dice on your future.
And let's say they did have something to do with your father's death.
Who's to say that you're not the next one to have an accident?
Do you think Daniel would try and kill me too?